[Music]
for the enterprise yeah disastrous for
the enterprise shout out to jack ryan
come disaster you could win a prize yeah
let's gather
at sasser come to annual we got the it
factor let's gather
asshaster workshops and panels help you
write the next chapter yeah san mateo
where the cloud comes together 10th out
we got a big crowd of the best of them
so much value but it gets wild like a
festival you might even 10x sales just
like brian el sasser do founders like
jason limpkin you know i had to mention
so many companies are present look
around i see so many votes every single
attendee out here thinking this event's
the truth brought the whole industry
together put me in a better mood three
days
in the bay connecting over sass we on
the big stage network and collab you
don't want to have to delay sessions
with investors say amazing vc imagine in
other words you better go ceo
c-r-o-c-x-o
all of the above you already know it's
pretty lit very worth the trip sure you
heard of it and i'm a rapper so i'd be a
disaster cause it's so legit
[Music]
let's gather
asshaster workshops and panels help you
write the next chapter yeah san mateo
where the cloud comes together 10th out
we got a big crowd of the best of them
so much value but it gets wild like a
festival you might even 10x sales just
like brian o'cesser do